README.md, before:

Sublime Text 2/3 MarkDown preview
===============================

Preview your markdown files quickly in you web browser from sublime text 2/3. 

You can use builtin [python-markdown2][0] parser (default) or use the [github markdown API][5] for the conversion (edit your settings to select it).

**NOTE:** If you choose the GitHub API for conversion (set parser: github in your settings), your code will be sent through https to github for live conversion. You'll have [Github flavored markdown][6], syntax highlighting and EMOJI support for free :heart: :octocat: :gift:. If you make more than 60 calls a day, be sure to set your GitHub API key in the settings :)

**LINUX users:** If you want to use GitHub API for conversion, you'll need to have a custom Python install that includes python-ssl as its not built in the Sublime Text 2 Linux package. see [@dusteye comment][8]. If you use a custom window manager, also be sure to set a `BROWSER` environnement variable. see [@PPvG comments][9]

## Features :


 - Markdown conversion via builtin Markdown Parser ([python-markdown2][0]) or via Github API : just choose in your settings.
 - Browser preview auto reload on save if you have the [ST2 LiveReload plugin][7] installed.
 - Builtin parser : Support TOC, footnotes markdown extensions
 - CSS overriding if you need
 - YAML support thanks to @tommi
 - Clipboard selection and copy to clipboard thanks to @hexatrope
 - MathJax support : \\(\frac{\pi}{2}\\) thanks to @bps10

## Installation (ST2) :

 - you should use [sublime package manager][3]
 - use `cmd+shift+P` then `Package Control: Install Package`
 - look for `Markdown Preview` and install it.
 - OR, Clone or unpack to "Markdown Preview" folder inside "Packages" of your Sublime installation.

## Installation (ST3) :

The package manager cannot handle both versions yet so here's how to install the plugin :

 - Clone or unpack to "Markdown Preview" folder inside "Packages" of your Sublime installation.
 - change branch to ST3 with `git checkout ST3`.

## Usage :

 - optionnaly select some of your markdown for conversion
 - use `cmd+shift+P` then `Markdown Preview` to launch a preview
 - or bind some key in your user key binding, using a line like this one:
   `{ "keys": ["alt+m"], "command": "markdown_preview", "args": {"target": "browser"} },`
 - once converted a first time, the output HTML will be updated on each file save (with LiveReload plugin)

## Uses :

 - [python-markdown2][0] for markdown parsing **OR** the GitHub markdown API.


## Licence :

The code is available at github [https://github.com/revolunet/sublimetext-markdown-preview][2] under MIT licence : [http://revolunet.mit-license.org][4]

 [0]: https://github.com/trentm/python-markdown2
 [2]: https://github.com/revolunet/sublimetext-markdown-preview
 [3]: http://wbond.net/sublime_packages/package_control
 [4]: http://revolunet.mit-license.org
 [5]: http://developer.github.com/v3/markdown
 [6]: http://github.github.com/github-flavored-markdown/
 [7]: https://github.com/dz0ny/LiveReload-sublimetext2
 [8]: https://github.com/revolunet/sublimetext-markdown-preview/issues/27#issuecomment-11772098
 [9]: https://github.com/revolunet/sublimetext-markdown-preview/issues/78#issuecomment-15644727

Commit message:

added a not for livereload with chrome, plugin needs local access to files or it won't work with this plugin.

README.md, after:

Sublime Text 2/3 MarkDown preview
===============================

Preview your markdown files quickly in you web browser from sublime text 2/3. 

You can use builtin [python-markdown2][0] parser (default) or use the [github markdown API][5] for the conversion (edit your settings to select it).

**NOTE:** If you choose the GitHub API for conversion (set parser: github in your settings), your code will be sent through https to github for live conversion. You'll have [Github flavored markdown][6], syntax highlighting and EMOJI support for free :heart: :octocat: :gift:. If you make more than 60 calls a day, be sure to set your GitHub API key in the settings :)

**LINUX users:** If you want to use GitHub API for conversion, you'll need to have a custom Python install that includes python-ssl as its not built in the Sublime Text 2 Linux package. see [@dusteye comment][8]. If you use a custom window manager, also be sure to set a `BROWSER` environnement variable. see [@PPvG comments][9]

## Features :


 - Markdown conversion via builtin Markdown Parser ([python-markdown2][0]) or via Github API : just choose in your settings.
 - Browser preview auto reload on save if you have the [ST2 LiveReload plugin][7] installed.
 - Builtin parser : Support TOC, footnotes markdown extensions
 - CSS overriding if you need
 - YAML support thanks to @tommi
 - Clipboard selection and copy to clipboard thanks to @hexatrope
 - MathJax support : \\(\frac{\pi}{2}\\) thanks to @bps10

## Installation (ST2) :

 - you should use [sublime package manager][3]
 - use `cmd+shift+P` then `Package Control: Install Package`
 - look for `Markdown Preview` and install it.
 - OR, Clone or unpack to "Markdown Preview" folder inside "Packages" of your Sublime installation.

## Installation (ST3) :

The package manager cannot handle both versions yet so here's how to install the plugin :

 - Clone or unpack to "Markdown Preview" folder inside "Packages" of your Sublime installation.
 - change branch to ST3 with `git checkout ST3`.

## Usage :

 - optionnaly select some of your markdown for conversion
 - use `cmd+shift+P` then `Markdown Preview` to launch a preview
 - or bind some key in your user key binding, using a line like this one:
   `{ "keys": ["alt+m"], "command": "markdown_preview", "args": {"target": "browser"} },`
 - once converted a first time, the output HTML will be updated on each file save (with LiveReload plugin)
 - Note: If using Google Chrome, don't forget to let the livereload plugin have access rights to local files in plugin settings.

## Uses :

 - [python-markdown2][0] for markdown parsing **OR** the GitHub markdown API.


## Licence :

The code is available at github [https://github.com/revolunet/sublimetext-markdown-preview][2] under MIT licence : [http://revolunet.mit-license.org][4]

 [0]: https://github.com/trentm/python-markdown2
 [2]: https://github.com/revolunet/sublimetext-markdown-preview
 [3]: http://wbond.net/sublime_packages/package_control
 [4]: http://revolunet.mit-license.org
 [5]: http://developer.github.com/v3/markdown
 [6]: http://github.github.com/github-flavored-markdown/
 [7]: https://github.com/dz0ny/LiveReload-sublimetext2
 [8]: https://github.com/revolunet/sublimetext-markdown-preview/issues/27#issuecomment-11772098
 [9]: https://github.com/revolunet/sublimetext-markdown-preview/issues/78#issuecomment-15644727
